What about Mr. Xu?
First day at work
You take him to familiarize himself with the environment
Schedule work
Ok master, come with me, go
Hey, who?
There are 400 million in total here.
You won me 200 million in a bet last night
Plus the jadeite material you sold me
Worth 300 million ten million
Deduct the 100 million that the painting gave to Wan Wan
That's 400 million. Ten million is yours
Well, I can't take the 200 million last night.
You helped me win the bet last night
He taught First Moon and High Ten a lesson by the way
My goal has been achieved
The jade you sold me
I can still make a lot of money
Caiyun is indeed a businessperson
Chen Hao's gambling pool is so powerful
I guess you should ask him for help in the future
Or get to know me later
Chen Hao, just accept it
This is deserved.
Then I confirm that it is unfair.
Ah!
Oh, no.
He was caught refining the corpse